[MRG after #12145] Add "Randomized SVD" solver option to KernelPCA for faster partial decompositions, like in PCA (#12069)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v0.23.rst

   exclusively choose the components that explain the variance greater than
   `n_components`. :pr:`15669` by :user:`Krishna Chaitanya <krishnachaitanya9>`

- |Enhancement| added a new approximate solver (randomized SVD, available with
  `eigen_solver='randomized'`) to :class:`decomposition.KernelPCA`. This

>   drastically accelerates computation when the number of samples gets much

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  accelerates computation when the number of samples is much
```

Author: I'll use significantly as suggested in the other thread.

  larger than the desired number of components.
  For example with 10000 samples, a fairly accurate kPCA model using 100
  principal components can be trained more than 10 times faster with
  `eigen_solver='randomized'` than with the default `eigen_solver='full'`

>   solver.

Reviewer: we usually avoid such details in the what'snew and write them in the UG

Author: ok
